Update impala-profile.md (#2113)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/warehouse-profiles/impala-profile.md

- Obtain keytab using kinit (kinit username@YOUR_REALM.YOUR_DOMAIN)
- The keytab is valid for certain period after which you will need to run kinit again to renew validity of the keytab.

> ### Instrumentation
> By default, the adapter will collect instrumentation events to help improve functionality and understand bugs. If you want to specifically switch this off, for instance, in a production environment, you can explicitly set the flag `usage_tracking: false` in your `profiles.yml` file. 
> 

Reviewer: what's the reason for adding this? Was a user concerned? Perhaps you can link to our existing docs section. But perhaps `usage_trackign` is an impala-specific setting?
```suggestion
### Instrumentation
By default, the adapter will send instrumentation events to Cloudera to help improve functionality and understand bugs. If you want to specifically switch this off, for instance, in a production environment, you can explicitly set the flag `usage_tracking: false` in your `profiles.yml` file.

Relatedly, if you'd like to turn off dbt Lab's anonymous usage tracking, see [YAML Configurations: Send anonymous usage stats](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs#send-anonymous-usage-stats) for more info
```

Author: Yup, this is impala specific setting.
